in the bathroom as if they were dressing room
rehearse the voice
return
as returned a thousand times
to say that you 're going
and finally you regret but
pride to run
let's not say anymore, leave, do not say more
what are you marching
this is one of the topics that they do but
it is not the only request has made us two
requests but we have been told that
would like to love
to come back from the group always
A) Yes
a show of
approximately
the show is all of them
I am seen surprised
i
The list is also enjoyed
servimedia
ah
and what is waiting inside has invited everything
his coaching staff and other assistants to
a dinner with a flamenco show
us and new north in good environment
You'll tell me before I start
they make him a gift as a coach
Italian that everyone applaud Carlos
opens and teaches it looks like delivered
clock starts the party
Ancelotti can not help but bite
lips with the recital of songs
this seems to be sung by some of the
guests
in a moment of the performance you can
check behind the curtain like someone
joins the dance the singer asks
going and the rest answers
the cantaor insists
doing the same
but they left being and fernando we go
much
the show is delighted enchanted
to be with the work group a
a quarter to
ancelotti zach and they leave after another
Magic night